precommit git hooks for running prospector and isort (#248)
fair-software/howfairis: README.dev.rst

    # requires activated virtualenv with development tools
    prospector && isort --recursive --check-only howfairis

> You can enable automatic linting with ``prospector`` and ``isort`` onCommit like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable automatic linting with ``prospector`` and ``isort`` on commit like so:
```
